Add docs for Static Channel Backup (#53)
breez/breez-sdk-docs: src/guide/static_channel_backup.md

# Static Channel Backup

A static channel backup is automatically saved by the Breez SDK in the background. More specifically, the static backup is updated
each time a new channel is opened.

> If the Greenlight node is not available, you can retrieve the static channel backup from the SDK's working directory as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The static channel backup can be used as a last resort to recover funds in case the Greenlight node becomes inaccessible. Recovering the funds is currently not part of the Breez SDK. In order to recover the funds, the user can initialize a new core lightning node with its seed, and trigger a channel recovery through [the recoverchannel method](https://docs.corelightning.org/reference/lightning-recoverchannel) provided by CLN.

In order to use the recoverchannel method, the user needs to provide the static channel backup file. It can be retrieved from the SDK's working directory as follows:
```

In order to use the recoverchannel method, the user needs to provide the static channel backup file. It can be retrieved from the SDK's working directory as follows:

<custom-tabs category="lang">
<div slot="title">Rust</div>
<section>

```rust,ignore
let backup_data = BreezServices::static_backup(StaticBackupRequest {
    working_dir: "<working directory>".into(),
})?;
```

</section>

<div slot="title">Swift</div>
<section>

```swift
do {
    let backupData = breez_sdk.staticBackup(workingDir: "<working directory>");    
} catch{
    // handle error
}
```

</section>

<div slot="title">Android</div>
<section>

```kotlin,ignore
try {
    val backupData = staticBackup("<working directory>")
} catch (e: Exception) {
    // handle error
}
```

</section>

<div slot="title">React Native</div>
<section>

```typescript
try {

>     let backupData = await staticBackup("<working directory>");

Reviewer 2: ```
let backupData = await staticBackup({workingDir: "<working directory>"})
```

} catch (error) {
    console.log(error)
}
```

</section>

<div slot="title">Dart</div>
<section>

```dart
try {

>     StaticBackupResponse backupData = await staticBackup(workingDir: "<working directory>");

Reviewer 2: ```
StaticBackupResponse backupData = await staticBackup(request: StaticBackupRequest(workingDir: "<working directory>"));
```

} catch (error) {
   // handle error
}
```
</section>

<div slot="title">Python</div>
<section>

```python
try:

>     backup_data = breez_sdk.static_backup("<working directory>")    

Reviewer 2: ```
backup_data = breez_sdk.static_backup(breez_sdk.StaticBackupRequest(working_dir="<working directory>"))
```

except Exception as error:
    # Handle error
```
</section>

<div slot="title">Go</div>
<section>

```go

> backupData, err := breez_sdk.StaticBackup("<working directory>")

Reviewer 2: ```
backupData, err := breez_sdk.StaticBackup(breez_sdk.StaticBackupRequest{
    WorkingDir: "<working directory>",
})
```

if err != nil {
    log.Fatalf("Failed to retrieve static backup data: %#v", err)
}
```
</section>

<div slot="title">C#</div>
<section>

```cs
using Breez.Sdk;

StaticBackupResponse backupData;
try 
{

>     backupData = BreezSdkMethods.StaticBackup("<working directory>");  

Reviewer 2: ```
var backupData = BreezSdkMethods.StaticBackup(new StaticBackupRequest("<working directory>"));  
```
